Add note about casing to getStaticPaths docs (#38426)
vercel/next.js: docs/api-reference/data-fetching/get-static-paths.md

- If the page name uses [catch-all routes](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md#catch-all-routes) like `pages/[...slug]`, then `params` should contain `slug` (which is an array). If this array is `['hello', 'world']`, then Next.js will statically generate the page at `/hello/world`.
- If the page uses an [optional catch-all route](/docs/routing/dynamic-routes.md#optional-catch-all-routes), use `null`, `[]`, `undefined` or `false` to render the root-most route. For example, if you supply `slug: false` for `pages/[[...slug]]`, Next.js will statically generate the page `/`.

> The casing for `params` **does** matter and ideally should be normalized to ensure the paths are generated correctly. For example, if `WoRLD` is returned for a param it will only match if `WoRLD` is the actual path visited not `world` or `World`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `params` strings are **case-sensitive** and ideally should be normalized to ensure the paths are generated correctly. For example, if `WoRLD` is returned for a param it will only match if `WoRLD` is the actual path visited, not `world` or `World`.
```
